gh-87447: Fix walrus comprehension rebind checking (#100581)
python/cpython: Doc/whatsnew/3.12.rst

  arguments of any type instead of just :class:`bool` and :class:`int`.
  (Contributed by Serhiy Storchaka in :gh:`60203`.)

> * It is now allowed to reassing (with ``:=``) variables mentioned
>   in iterable part of comprehensions.
>   For example, in ``[(b := 1) for a, b.prop in some_iter]``
>   it is now possible to reassign variable ``b``.
>   However, reassing variables directly defined
>   in iterable part of comprehensions (like ``a``)
>   is still not allowed due to :pep:`572`.
>   (Contributed by Nikita Sobolev in :gh:`100581`.)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* It is now allowed to reassign (with ``:=``) variables mentioned
  in iterable part of comprehensions.
  For example, in ``[(b := 1) for a, b.prop in some_iter]``
  it is now possible to reassign variable ``b``.
  However, reassigning variables directly defined
  in iterable parts of comprehensions (like ``a``)
  is still not allowed due to :pep:`572`.
  (Contributed by Nikita Sobolev in :gh:`100581`.)
```

>   (Contributed by Nikita Sobolev in :gh:`100581`.)

Reviewer 2: This is the "target" part of the comprehension, not the "iterable" part.
Also suggested some rewording for clarity.
```suggestion
* Variables used in the target part of comprehensions that are not stored to
  can now be used in assignment expressions (``:=``).
  For example, in ``[(b := 1) for a, b.prop in some_iter]``, the assignment to
  ``b`` is now allowed. Note that assigning to variables stored to in the target
  part of comprehensions (like ``a``) is still disallowed, as per :pep:`572`.
  (Contributed by Nikita Sobolev in :gh:`100581`.)
```
